docs: document linked vs. dashboard-only panels and library compatibility (#6124) (#6567)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/visualize/manage-panels.md

# Manage panels [manage-panels]

> When creating a panel, you can choose to add it to a dashboard, or to save it to the **Visualize Library** so it can be added to multiple dashboards. Edits to a library panel are reflected everywhere it appears. Dashboard-only panels are permanently lost if you remove them without saving to the library first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a panel, you can choose to add it to a dashboard, or to save it to the **Visualize Library** so it can be added to multiple dashboards. Changes to a library panel propagate to all dashboards where it appears. If you remove a dashboard-only panel without saving it to the library first, it is permanently deleted.
```

There are also some common options that you can configure on the various types of panels to make a dashboard easier to navigate and analyze.

### Save to the Visualize Library [save-to-visualize-library]

> To use a panel on multiple dashboards, you can save it to the **Visualize Library**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a panel on multiple dashboards, save it to the **Visualize Library**.
```

    * **Edit visualization** — Opens the editor so you can make changes to the panel.

>         If the panel is linked to the Visualize Library, your edits affect every dashboard that uses it. To make changes specific to this dashboard, open the panel menu and select **Unlink from library**. This creates a local copy and leaves the library version unchanged.

Author: ```suggestion
        If the panel is linked to the library, your edits affect every dashboard that uses it. To make changes specific to this dashboard, open the panel menu and select **Unlink from library**. This creates a local copy and leaves the library version unchanged.
```
